Notable changes (#2429)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/04-30-notable-changes.md

# Notable changes

> Notable changes refer to updates in the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) that require operator action. These changes can be classified into two categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notable changes refer to Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) updates requiring operator action. These changes can be classified into the following categories:
```

- Mandatory — Operator action is required for proper functionality.
- Optional — Operator action is recommended but not strictly required.

## Creating a Notable Change

When introducing a KEB change that requires operator action:
1. Create a directory for the change under [notable-changes](../notable-changes), using the KEB release version as the directory name.
   - Example: [notable-changes/1.22.1](../notable-changes/1.22.1)
2. Document the change using the [Notable Change Template](../assets/notable-change-template.md).
   - Clearly describe the impact, required actions, and any relevant details.

> 3. Include supporting files, such as migration scripts or configuration examples, within the same directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Within the same directory, include supporting files, such as migration scripts or configuration examples.
```

- Migration — Changes that involve data, infrastructure, or version migrations.

## Creating a Notable Change

When introducing a KEB change that requires operator action, perform the following steps:
1. Create a directory for the change under [notable-changes](../../notable-changes), using the KEB release version as the directory name. For example: [notable-changes/1.22.1](../../notable-changes/1.22.1).
2. Document the change using the [Notable Change Template](../assets/notable-change-template.md). Clearly describe the impact, required actions, and any relevant details.
3. Fill in the JSON metadata block at the top of the page.
   - Fields:
      - `requirement`: **MANDATORY** or **RECOMMENDED**
      - `type`: **EXTERNAL** or **INTERNAL**
      - `category`: **CONFIGURATION**, **FEATURE**, or **MIGRATION**
      - `additionalFiles`: number of supporting files, such as migration scripts
   - Example:
     ```json
     {
       "metadata": {
         "requirement": "RECOMMENDED",
         "type": "INTERNAL",
         "category": "CONFIGURATION",
         "additionalFiles": 0
       }
     }
     ```

> 4. Within the same directory, include supporting files, such as migration scripts or configuration examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Within the same directory, include supporting files, such as migration scripts or configuration examples.
```
